# Studio Atlas
Studio Atlas a dictionary of terms that studios use to describe themselves online. The resulting website groups studios that describe themselves in similar ways, creating a field of studio homepages that the user can explore at their own pace. Users are encouraged to find relationships between grouped studios in both aesthetic and linguistic terms.  

---

# Thesis
Exploring collaboration, authorship, and potential formats of design practice through a studio partnership. Working in parallel on a series of small projects.

# Explanation:
Exploring collaboration, authorship, and potential formats of design practice, we will work in parallel on a series of small projects. Our output will be attributed to "the studio" (Default Value) rather than emphasizing individual contribution.
 Each project will explore different ideas, interests, organizations, workflows, and have a unique set of outputs. These will include both finished "projects" and also smaller quick tests and explorations. The process of producing these design artifacts will be largely determined by intuition, trial-and-error, convergence of our different perspectives, and rely on "collaborative slippage". The projects will take the form of a statement with 3 conceptual parameters generated by a tool of our own design: "The idea combines [     ], [     ], and [     ]."
We will keep a pile of research as a website wiki/lab/archive — reading, writing, drawing connections, conversation, created tools, etc. This research will not only be concerned with design discourse but also politics, anthropology, philosophy, materiality, the built environment, art, etc. This collection of research will be formatted to be easily exported from web to print in order to explore how publications can be optimized for a flexible format.
A final exhibition that will seek to digest and make sense of the volume of work that was produced over the course of the semester, as well as engage the public with the questions we had been exploring over the last few months.

---

# Schedule

## January 2017: Research
- Finish idea generating tool and use it to generate 3-5 project concepts. Begin at least two of them.
- Develop framework for process book and begin contributing to it
- Begin making, researching, and experimenting, both independently and in  collaboration
- Set up a collaborative workflow using tools Figma, Slack, Dropbox, etc

## February 2017: Making
- work on all 3–5 design projects concurrently
- conduct daily stand-up meetings to converge on the status of each project

## March 2017: Making
- work on all 3–5 design projects concurrently
- conduct daily stand-up meetings to converge on the status of each project
- By end of month, wrap up the "making" phase and begin organizing final outputs for  exhibition and documentation

## April 2017: Final Production
- Exhibition branding
- Finalize final process website and book

## May 2017: Commencement
- graduate
- get on a ✈️  out of here
